yeah I would say the first two three
months of the season were really really
tough for me you know some nights were
just I couldn t really well at all and
just uh having having to just deal with
all the change in my face um you know
God gave me a strength when I feel like
I had it and you gave me hope and
perseverance and he taught me a lot
through through everything through the
whole process and I think you know
through it all I've grown I've learned a
lot and I've seen a lot in the last year
you know growing through the year where
do you think your game has grown the
most of the season learning to be
effected without having the ball in my
hands as much as I'm used to at me and
being you know almost a secondary ball
handler at times playing off the ball
learning to fit into that role because
something that I've never done my entire
life before it's always been in my hands
all the time and so I'm just learned to
be I'll do that and then I think
defensively as well learn to become a
better defender and to be more
consistent and to be able to be a better
pick and roll defender growing as a
player on the court and it kind of
coincide with growing as far as your
comfort level with Houston your
surroundings making new friends and
maybe developing a comfort level with us
media people yeah yeah yeah I think
everything you know everything takes
time for me I'm always I'm always much
better in whatever when I'm comfortable
and you know I you know I'm a huge
person of comfort and you know I need to
be comfortable in order for me to
succeed and do well and so just me
coming here kind of went into a shell
after everything happened last year
didn't really give people much of a
chance of anything or you know learning
to trust people again and I think that's
off the court and then on the court just
being able to kind of play freely a
regardless of all the expectations in
the noise and the attention outside just
be able to get focused in and
play for God it's a deflection by jeremy
lamb on the run for Jeremy to the basket
for Julie do you think you've come out
of that show I no not yet not yet not
yet I don't know if I ever will to be
honest at least uh unless you know
unless I'm just around family and close
friends but you know it's gonna take you
to take some time just you know in terms
of dealing with everything that goes on
and you know learning I think I would
say I'm more I'm just smarter I'm
understand more about people and
intentions and motives and stuff like
that and like who to trust who not to
trust